# Query-Retrieval-of-Terrorism
Terrorism has always been a taboo subject. In this project, we are trying to create a database that retrieves the information of all the terrorist attacks such as the people involved (i.e. the leader and the terrorist group), the location and the date and time of each attack.
We introduce here a comprehensive global database, containing data on counterterrorist legislation in 219 countries and territories, and including over 1000 laws that were introduced between 1850 and 2009. The paper describes the dilemmas and difficulties in constructing a global terrorism database, including issues of standardized definitions and of data availability and reliability, and explains how the problem is being addressed while assembling the current database. It also describes the coding and searching procedures used during this process and the course of database creation and present descriptive statistics of the data, focusing on the historical development of global counterterrorist legislation and on the regional distribution of this legislation.

These retrieval algorithms are implemented over a dataset that has nearly 190,000 rows and 135 columns. After the preprocessing part, the main task was to make every single row of the database as a single document and then tokenize them so that we get relevant and specific information of all the data points present in the dataset. After breaking down the dataset, the proposed algorithms (mentioned above) are then implemented. During the process of implementation we broke down the dataset in 5000 documents so as for the smooth working of the python code according to the machine specifications.

Terrorism has been a persistent threat to global security for many years, and it has become an increasingly prevalent issue in today's world. The purpose of this research paper is to provide an introduction to the topic of terrorism and examine its different dimensions, causes, and effects on society.
